Add basic createEntityAdapter usage docs (#442)
reduxjs/redux-toolkit: docs/usage/usage-guide.md

})

export const slice = createSlice({
  name: 'users',
  initialState: {
    ids: [],
    entities: {}
  },
  reducers: {},
  extraReducers: builder => {
    builder.addCase(fetchUsers.fulfilled, (state, action) => {
      // reduce the collection by the id property into a shape of { 1: { ...user }}
      const byId = action.payload.users.reduce((byId, user) => {
        byId[user.id] = user
        return byId
      }, {})
      state.entities = byId
      state.ids = Object.keys(byId)
    })
  }
})
```

#### Normalizing with normalizr

This is a very basic example of using the normalizr library with redux-toolkit

```js
import { createSlice, createAsyncThunk } from '@reduxjs/toolkit'
import { normalize, schema } from 'normalizr'

import userAPI from './userAPI'

const userEntity = new schema.Entity('users')

export const fetchUsers = createAsyncThunk('users/fetchAll', async () => {
  const response = await userAPI.fetchAll()
  return response.data
})

export const slice = createSlice({
  name: 'users',
  initialState: {
    ids: [],
    entities: {}
  },
  reducers: {},
  extraReducers: builder => {
    builder.addCase(fetchUsers.fulfilled, (state, action) => {

>       const normalizedData = normalize(action.payload, userEntity)

Author: Updated to be this way, also matches the [normalizr usage guide](https://github.com/paularmstrong/normalizr/tree/master/examples/redux):

      state.entities = normalizedData.entities.users
      state.ids = Object.keys(normalizedData.entities.users)
    })
  }
})
```

#### Normalizing with `createEntityAdapter`

This is an identitical implementation using RTK's `createEntityAdapter`.

```js
import {
  createSlice,
  createAsyncThunk,
  createEntityAdapter
} from '@reduxjs/toolkit'
import userAPI from './userAPI'

export const fetchUsers = createAsyncThunk('users/fetchAll', async () => {

>   const response = await userAPI.fetchAll()

Reviewer: @markerikson doesn't `upsertMany` take an array of entities? The entities normalized by normalizr would be an object.

>   const response = await userAPI.fetchAll()

Reviewer 2: Yep, and this shows that I haven't used Normalizr much :)  

This probably would work with `postsAdapter.upsertMany(state, Object.values(action.payload.entities.posts))`, though.  Not ideal, but doable.

>   const response = await userAPI.fetchAll()

Author: I have an update coming out shortly showing this usage 🎉

  return response.data
})

export const usersAdapter = createEntityAdapter()

// By default, `createEntityAdapter` gives you `{ ids: [], entities: {} }`. If you want to track 'loading' or other keys, you would initialize them here like this: `getInitialState({ loading: false, activeRequestId: null })`
const initialState = usersAdapter.getInitialState()

export const slice = createSlice({
  name: 'users',
  initialState,
  reducers: {
    removeUser: usersAdapter.removeOne
  },
  extraReducers: builder => {
    builder.addCase(fetchUsers.fulfilled, (state, action) => {
      usersAdapter.upsertMany(state, action.payload)
    })
  }
})

const reducer = slice.reducer
export default reducer

export const { removeUser } = slice.actions
```

#### Using selectors with `createEntityAdapter`

The entity adapter providers a selector factory that generates the most common selectors for you. Taking the example above, we can add selectors to our `usersSlice` like this:

```js
const {
  selectIds,
  selectEntities,
  selectAll,
  selectTotal
} = usersAdapter.getSelectors(state => state.users)

> export const selectUserIds = state => selectIds(state)

Reviewer 2: These extra exports are redundant - that's what these functions already do.

If you want to rename them to be more specific, do it while destructuring:

```js
export const {
  selectIds: selectUserIds
} = usersAdapter.getSelectors(state => state.users);
```

export const selectUserEntities = state => selectEntities(state)
export const selectAllUsers = state => selectAll(state)
export const selectTotalUsers = state => selectTotal(state)
```

You could then use these selectors in a component like this:

```js
import React from 'react'
import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'
import { selectTotalUsers, selectAllUsers } from './usersSlice'

import styles from './UsersList.module.css'

export function UsersList() {
  const count = useSelector(selectTotalUsers)
  const users = useSelector(selectAllUsers)

  return (
    <div>
      <div className={styles.row}>
        There are <span className={styles.value}>{count}</span> users.{' '}
        {count === 0 && `Why don't you fetch some more?`}
      </div>
      {users.map(user => (
        <div key={user.id}>
          <div>{`${user.first_name} ${user.last_name}`}</div>
          <div></div>
        </div>
      ))}
    </div>
  )
}
```

To see this all working together, you can view the full code of this example usage on [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/rtk-entities-basic-example-4jg0m)

#### Working with entities without an id property

> If your data set does not have an `id` property, createEntityAdapter offers a `selectId` argument that you can use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, `createEntityAdapter` assumes that your data has unique IDs in an `entity.id` field.  If your data set stores its ID in a different field, you can pass in a `selectId` argument that returns the appropriate field.
```

```js
// In this instance, our user data always has a primary key of `idx`
const userData = {
  users: [
    { idx: 1, first_name: 'Test' },
    { idx: 2, first_name: 'Two' }
  ]
}

> // Being that our primary key is `idx` and not `id`, let the entity adapter know that with `selectId`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Since our primary key is `idx` and not `id`, pass in an ID selector to return that field instead
```

export const usersAdapter = createEntityAdapter({
  selectId: user => user.idx
})
```

#### Sorting your entities by a default key

`createEntityAdapter` provides a `sortComparer` argument that you can leverage to sort the collection of `ids` in state. This can be very useful for when you want to guarantee a sort order and your data doesn't come presorted.

```js
// In this instance, our user data always has a primary key of `idx`
const userData = {
  users: [
    { id: 1, first_name: 'Test' },
    { id: 2, first_name: 'Banana' }
  ]
}

// Sort by `first_name`. `ids` would be ordered like `ids: [ 2, 1 ]` being that B comes before T
export const usersAdapter = createEntityAdapter({
  sortComparer: (a, b) => a.first_name.localeCompare(b.first_name)
})

> 

Reviewer 2: Add a comment here that since it's specifically `state.ids` that's being sorted, you would do `state.ids.map()` to get the items in sorted order, and `selectAll` does that specifically.
